Two AI tools just dropped and together
they can build an entire software
product from scratch. No designers, no
dev team, no months of back and forth.
Just you, a prompt and a working app.
Google just released Stitch, an AI that
turns a text prompt into a full UI
design and real front-end code. OpenAI
just dropped Codeex, an AI agent that
writes features, fixes bugs, runs tests,
and deploys your project automatically.
Separately, both tools are crazy
powerful. Together, they cover the
entire product stack. Design,
engineering, deployment. Done. This is
the closest thing to a oneperson
software company the world has ever
seen. And today, I'm going to show you
exactly how to use them together. Stay
till the end. And because I'm walking
you through a real workflow we ran using
both tools to build something live. Hey,
if we haven't met already, I'm the
digital avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of
SEO agency Goldie Agency. Whilst he's
helping clients get more leads and
customers, I'm here to help you get the
latest AI updates. Julian Goldie reads
every comment, so make sure you comment
below. Today, we're breaking down two
tools that just changed how software
gets built. OpenAI Codeex and Google
Stitch. I'm going to explain what they
are, why the combo is so powerful, and
then walk you through the exact
workflows you can use right now. No
coding experience needed. Let's start
with Stitch. Google Stitch is an AI UI
generator. You give it a text prompt or
a sketch or a screenshot and it turns
that into a fully designed user
interface plus real front-end code.
We're talking responsive layouts, clean
components, and production ready design.
It runs on Gemini, Google's most
powerful AI model. The big idea is
simple. Idea goes in, UI and code come
out in minutes. Before Stitch, you
needed a designer to build mock-ups, a
developer to convert them to code, and
weeks of feedback and revisions. Now you
just describe what you want, and Stitch
handles the rest. You can export it in
HTML, React, Vue, whatever your project
needs. Think of Stitch as your AI
designer. You brief it, it builds, you
move on. Now, let's talk about Codeex.
Codeex is OpenAI's AI coding agent. And
this is more than just a code generator.
Codeex can write entire features from
scratch, fix bugs automatically, run
test suites, generate pull requests, and
deploy your project all on its own. You
give it a task, it plans the approach,
writes the code, tests it, and ships it.
And it can run multiple tasks in
parallel inside cloud sandboxes, so it's
fast, safe, and clean. The recent
updates also added multi- aent
workflows, meaning Codeex can coordinate
multiple coding tasks at once. plus
automated code review and built-in
security scanning. Think of Codeex as
your AI engineer. You tell it what to
build, it builds it. No handholding
required. Before we get into the
workflows, quick one. If you want to
learn how to use tools like Stitch and
Codeex inside a real business and you
want the exact SOPs and frameworks to do
it properly, you need to check out the
AI profit boardroom. It's where we help
business owners and entrepreneurs use AI
to work smarter, build faster, and scale
without burning out. Every week, we drop
new workflows, live sessions, and real
use cases. Exactly like what we're doing
in this video. No fluff, just practical
AI strategy you can actually use. Link
is in the description. Go check it out.
Here's the big idea behind combining
these two tools. Every software product
has two layers. the design layer, what
it looks like, and the engineering
layer, how it works. Before AI, you
needed a full team to cover both. A
designer for the UI, a developer for the
back end, a QA engineer for testing, a
DevOps person for deployment. With
Stitch and Codeex, one person can cover
all of it. Stitch is the design layer.
Codeex is the engineering layer. You are
the decision maker. The workflow looks
like this. You have an idea. You prompt
Stitch and get a full UI in minutes. You
hand that to Codeex and tell it to build
the back end and ship it and you have a
working product. That's it. That's the
whole pipeline. Let me show you exactly
how this works with a real example. We
use Stitch and Codeex to build a new
landing page for the AI profit
boardroom. The goal was a page that
converts visitors, communicates the
value of AI automation, and drives
people to join the community. Step one,
we open Stitch and entered this prompt.
Design a high converting landing page
for the AI profit boardroom. It's an AI
automation community for business
owners. Include a bold hero section, a
benefit section showing how AI saves
time, a social proof area, and a strong
call to action to join. In under 60
seconds, Stitch produced a full landing
page design, clean layout, responsive,
professional. It gave us the complete
React component code ready to use. Step
two, you'll be handed that code to
codeex with this prompt. Take this
landing page front end. add a lead
capture form, connect it to our email
list via API, set up analytics tracking
so we can monitor conversions, then
deploy the whole thing to Versel. Codeex
wrote the backend logic, connected the
integrations, ran the tests, fixed a
couple of issues it found on its own,
then deployed from first prompt to live
page under 30 minutes. One person, zero
coding, and that's just a landing page.
The real power is when you run the full
product workflow. Let me show you that
next. We wanted to build a member
dashboard concept for the AI profit
boardroom. A place where members can
track their progress, access resources,
and engage with the community. Stitch
prompt. Design a member dashboard for an
AI business community called the AI
profit boardroom. Include a welcome
section, course progress tracker,
resource library, community feed, and
weekly challenge module. Use a clean,
dark theme. Stitch produced a full
dashboard UI in about 90 seconds.
Multiple screens, proper component
structure, ready to export. Then we gave
the exported code to codeex, build the
full backend for this dashboard, add
user authentication, a progress tracking
system, a content management setup for
the resource library, and weekly email
digests for members. Codeex mapped out
the architecture, wrote the backend,
connected everything, ran tests, and
pushed to GitHub with a clean pull
request. That's a SAS level product
built by one person with no dev team in
a single afternoon. Here are the three
prompt templates we use every single
time. Prompt one is for stitch. Design a
type of interface for your product or
business. Include list of sections or
features. Make it style modern, minimal,
dark, bold. Prompt two is for codeex.
Take this front-end project, add backend
functionality, including authentication,
a database layer, API integrations, and
your specific feature. Deploy to Versal
when complete. Prompt three is for
adding automation.
Add automation to this project. Content
scheduling, email notifications,
analytics, reporting, or whatever you
need. That three prompt stack is the
entire system. Design, build, automate.
Done. Here's what this actually means
for the future of software. AI agents
are writing code. AI tools are designing
products. The process of building
software is being compressed from months
to hours. That doesn't mean developers
are going away. The best developers are
going to use these tools and become 10
times more productive. But the real
shift is that non-developers can now
build real products, too. The people who
learn how to use AI tools like Stitch
and Codeex and learn how to use them
well, are going to have a massive
advantage, not just in speed, in what
they're able to build, ship, and test.
We are in the early days of this. The
tools are only going to get better. Two
things before you go. First, if you want
to go deeper on using AI tools like
these inside a real business, join the
AI profit boardroom. We break down the
best AI tools every week, share the
workflows that actually work and give
you the frameworks to apply them in your
own business or projects. It's the
fastest way to stay ahead of what's
happening in AI. Link is in the
description. Second, if you want to
start for free, join the AI Success Lab.
It's our free AI community with over
40,000 members. You'll get all the notes
from this video, access to 100 plus AI
use cases, and a community of people who
are actively building and growing with
AI right now. Links are in the comments
and description. Drop a comment below.
Julian reads every single one. and I'll
see you in the next